hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2007 fantasy adventure film
Harry Potter and the order of the
Phoenix the fifth Harry Potter film so
let's get started the spoiler does
require that you've seen the previous
film as you need a spoiler for it check
out the link of the cards a system opens
Harry White's Dementor is attacking his
cousin and later receives a letter
saying he's been expelled from Hogwarts
for using magic outside of school a
secret organization known as the order
of Phoenix founded by Dumbledore is able
to get a hearing for Harry Harry is
brought to the orders headquarters and
they inform him that the Ministry of
Magic is oblivious to Voldemort's return
Dumbledore attends Harry's hearing in
convinces the Minister of Magic
Cornelius fudge he'll let Harry return
to Hogwarts back at school they
discovered the ministry themselves has
appointed a new Defense Against the Dark
Arts professor Dolores Umbridge Harry
and Umbridge quash immediately even
forcing Harry to write messages on his
own hand saying I must not tell lies
leaving scars Umbridge slowly begins to
gain control over the school so Harry
Ron and Hermione begin to form a secret
group to train students called
Dumbledore's Army throughout the year we
also see Harry and Cho Chang his crush
from the previous movie begin to develop
romantic feelings for one another but
later this relationship falls apart
Harry has a vision involving an attack
on Ron's father Arthur Weasley
Dumbledore is concerned that Voldemort
is using these visions to try to
manipulate Harry so he has Sarah take
occupancy classes in order to defend his
mind from old mort's influence meanwhile
Bellatrix Lestrange a Death Eater and
cousin of Sirius Black escapes a screen
with nine other Death Eaters Umbridge is
covered dump those army and they attempt
to rest on the door who escaped
Umbridge becomes new headmistress harry
also learns why Snape paid his Harry's
father James so much due to the fact
that James were too cool snake Harry has
a vision of Voldemort torturing serious
and the students attempt to use the
fireplace and um bridges offers in order
to alert the order of the Phoenix
quick note fireplaces can be used for
what is known as a Food Network losing
flu Potter in order to transport from
one place to another
Umbridge stops them however and Harry is
tortured but hermione tricks Umbridge
into going into the Forbidden Forest
where she is attacked and kidnapped by
centaurs Harry Hermione Ron Ginny
Weasley Luna Lovegood and Neville
Longbottom all traveled to the Ministry
of Magic to save Sirius they arrive and
discover a prophecy that Voldemort is
after about the connection between
Voldemort and Harry they are attacked
however by Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix
Lestrange Lucius informs Harry that the
visions of Sirius tortures was a trap
and he fell for it a fight ensues for
the prophecy and the order of Phoenix
arrives including serious husband Tom
Kingsly and mad-eye moody Bellatrix ends
up killing Sirius and fold more arrives
but so does Dumbledore a big duel
happens between fold more and Dumbledore
and Voldemort attempts to possess Harry
but fails ministry officials arrived
before Voldemort disappears a miniature
fudge is forced to admit Voldemort has
returned and resigns and disgrace as the
film winds down Harry begins to realize
the significance of the line from a
prophecy neither can live while the
other survives so that was the spoilers
for Harry Potter and the order of the
Phoenix if you have a film you like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts on
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching